- I had a DM give us a secret map to a dungeon that was somewhat typically aged parchment with burned edges and sort of a thick, crinkly texture. When we got to the remote dungeon there was a magic door at the entrance that would only open for the secret phrase.
  We went over and over that damn map trying to deduce the secret phrase since it said that the secret was contained within. And it was. The map was actually two pieces of parchment glued together... the burned edges helped to disguise this fact. On the inner page the phrase was written, and if you held the whole thing up to the light it was easily visible. It took us about twenty minutes to accidentally hold it up so we could see through it.
- Another was a "secret" map I'd made. I bought one-way mirror foil and then drew a map and some instructions onto it. I then drew some critical information on paper, information which changed EVERYTHING about what the map said.
  Players will all die as they follow the false instructions, finding out later that that when told to "Face the sun" when reading the map, they literally had to have the sun facing the back of the map. (by making the backside of the map brighter than the front, the front becomes the transparent side and the back the reflective, letting the players see what the paper said.
- Auch ein [[Kampf]] : "Kriegskönig" - Magische Arena, bei betritt schließt sich alles, Kriegskönig (er hat ein gigantisches Glühendes, Flammendes Schwert) sagt "Haha, ihr müsst jetzt für eure Freiheit kämpfen, gegen meine Geistergladiatoren, sprecht meinen Namen und ich erhebe euch zum Kampf"; Ruhebereich unter der Arena; Dann unendliche (5?) Kämpfe, letztendlich aufrilen gegeneinander Bekämpfen von euch gegeneinander - gewollte Lösung: Schwert des Kriegskönigs zerstören; sonstige Lösungen: Wegrennen, alles und jeden Töten. Bei Angriff auf den Kriegskönig kein Schaden, hinweis auf "Schwert"  
- "The next breath you will take will be ur last" --> Atem Anhalten
- Spiegel, dessen spiegelbild euch aufhällt